---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Pain
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 562
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/pain/
date: '2003-05-12 08:45:18 +0100'
date_gmt: '2003-05-12 08:45:18 +0100'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>OK enough of that. I cut my thumb open this morning. I was slicing through a sandwich with the extra sharp bread knife I&#8217;m usually so pleased with. For some stupid half-asleep reason I left my thumb dangling alongside the sandwich at the edge nearest me and as the knife slid through the sandwich with a satisfying purr it also slid into the tip of my thumb.</p>

<p>Now, as Kirsty will I&#8217;m sure vouch, I&#8217;m a huge wimp when it comes to pain but I also have two very definite reactions to it. The first is usually when I&#8217;m doing some kind of DIY (or something fiddly) which is usually incredibly frustrating and I hit my thumb with a hammer or something and I end up shouting and swearing and I come over extremely sarcastic and often threaten suicide. Pretty pathetic I admit but it&#8217;s usually not the pain I&#8217;m reacting to (in these situations I&#8217;m never really hurt) but more it&#8217;s anger at my own stupidity for doing something so colossally rubbish as hitting my thumb with a hammer.</p>

<p>My second type of reaction is to become very quiet an calm and say things like "it&#8217;s fine", and "no, it&#8217;s nothing", while Kirsty fusses around asking to look at whatever part of my body I&#8217;ve hurt. These are the times when I actually feel like I might have actually done something bad and so it&#8217;s again pretty pathetic that I go straight into a kind of denial, as if that&#8217;s going to help</p>

<p>Funny thing about this morning was it kind of fell into the gap between the two. I knew straight away that it was a terribly silly thing to do but at the same time the feeling of the knife as it sliced it&#8217;s way into my thumb really freaked me out. It felt just like chopping a chicken breast ready for a curry on a Monday night. It also felt really easy, like almost too easy. Surely your skin is meant to put up a bit of a fight, and not just part happily like orange peel (actually I&#8217;ve known orange peel put up quite a fight). And so on...</p>

