---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: At Eighty
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 594
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/at-eighty/
date: '2003-11-14 08:30:00 +0000'
date_gmt: '2003-11-14 08:30:00 +0000'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>You have to be aware that long ago I decided that psychologically it would be best to take the opinion that I was writing this blog for my future self rather than for any actual people out there. I know that certain people do read this (thanks guys) but really these are mostly people who I speak to on a fairly regular basis anyway and so if I was writing it for them, then I&#8217;d have very little to say, or at least very little new. Some of you might be thinking &#8220;what the hell is he saying here? If he knows that we&#8217;re the only ones reading and he&#8217;s describing us now, who the hell is he addressing? Surely that&#8217;s a big flaw in this whole &#8217;nobodies actually reading this crap&#8217; line. Therefore he does think other people are reading this. Aha! Got him. The arrogant barstool!&#8221; .... or something like that.</p>

<p>Anyway the point as that as well as all of the above I have  this funny little picture of myself at about 80 odd, suddenly trawling through some old hard drive (or CD) I have knocking around and finding all these entries and having a right time reading them. I imagine by then they&#8217;ll be projected onto a hovering screen in front of me and I&#8217;ll be able to scroll and stuff by waving my walking stick at the screen in a vertical manner. I&#8217;ll probably be sat on a rocking chair (no need for technological advancment there) with a blanket (ditto) on my lap and will probably look like a cross between my two grandads (both stunningly handsome old men).</p>

<p class="firstpar">So in general that&#8217;s who I try to think of when I&#8217;m deciding what to write. Rest assured, I know me and I know I&#8217;ll find it all facinating when the time comes.</p>

<p class="firstpar">I don&#8217;t know what I&#8217;ll make of this one though.</p>

