---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Oh Really?
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 573
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/oh-really/
date: '2003-07-03 08:54:00 +0100'
date_gmt: '2003-07-03 08:54:00 +0100'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<!-- more -->

<p>So yes, you read it right. Although I don&#8217;t expect it&#8217;ll be much of a surprise to anyone. We&#8217;ve been together almost 5 years now and we&#8217;ve gone from living together in a shared stoodent house to renting our own flat, to renting a little cottage, to buying our own house, and countless other rites of relationship passage the cumulation of which recently caused my Mother to say:</p>

<p style="text-align:center; text-indent:0px;">"Well, we think of you as a married couple now anyway".</p>

<p class="firstpar">So it just felt like the right time. Actually it felt like the right time about a year ago but then the plan jumped into my head about asking her in Paris and once I&#8217;d thought of that I ended up having to wait nearly a year for everything to be right.</p>

<p>I always wanted it to be a surprise for some reason, but that&#8217;s become harder and harder to stick to as time has gone on. Obviously, like I said, this has been on the cards a while, so it seemed like the best option would be to do it somewhere special instead. It&#8217;s still meant to be a surprise but I&#8217;ve an idea that she&#8217;s probably guessed. Maybe it&#8217;s the way I&#8217;ve been acting recently, it&#8217;s been hard to remember how I was acting before and to try and continue acting that way.</p>

<p>I&#8217;m actually really looking forward to asking her, I know she really wants to and also, because the way we live is very much that way already, this whole thing should be far more like a celebration of something that exists than a celebration of something starting.</p>

<p class="firstpar">Anyway so there you have it. To be honest I couldn&#8217;t be happier.</p>

