---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Lethargy
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 530
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/lethargy/
date: '2003-01-14 12:32:43 +0000'
date_gmt: '2003-01-14 12:32:43 +0000'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<!-- more -->

<p>I&#8217;m having one of those times at the moment. Where I just don&#8217;t know what I want to do (I suppose with other things too - but mainly with the website). Usually I don&#8217;t have much time to do more drawings and make big changes and it&#8217;s as much as I can do to write a few blog entries and keep up the &#8220;one-per-week&#8221; but at the same time I&#8217;ve usually got a list as long as your arms (yes both of &#8217;em) of things I want to change and do and make better and re-write from scratch in such a way as it takes 5 hours and makes not a blind bit of difference to anything. </p>

<p>But just recently I&#8217;ve not really been able to think of anything. I&#8217;ve not really been inspired. It&#8217;s not like I&#8217;m satisfied or anything, I&#8217;m far from happy with many bits and pieces around the site but it&#8217;s although my usual avenues of activity for such problems have been trod so many times now I don&#8217;t know if I can be bothered doing it again. Usually I&#8217;m driven by some deluded idea that "if I could just make that change, if I could just add that thing, then everything will suddenly be great". Right now I haven&#8217;t a thing in my head which I think is going to make a bit of differernce at all.</p>

<p>So I&#8217;m doing a painting at the moment instead. You can&#8217;t see it on this website ... or any other. I&#8217;m mostly using household emulsion (bought in those handy little tester pots from Focus) and a bit of acrylic. It&#8217;s a mixture of freehanded, maskingtaped and dribbled lines and I&#8217;m thinking of putting a layer of clear varnish over the top (I like my paintings shiny). Anyway I just thought I&#8217;d say.</p>

