---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Santa Man
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 540
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/santa-man/
date: '2003-02-21 10:51:23 +0000'
date_gmt: '2003-02-21 10:51:23 +0000'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>A man walks into a sports shop. He&#8217;s a large man and (what we might like to call) portly. He&#8217;s old too with a fairly long grey beard and so his over all appearance could be said to be something like Santa. Although a down at heel Santa wearing rather a badly chosen ensemble and with bicycle clips clutching at his ankles. He&#8217;s wearing glasses which is noticeable because Santa rarely does (except in those occasional <i>behind the scenes</i> bits you sometimes see in bad American Christmas movies, where they&#8217;ve got him wandering around ordering elves about and carrying a clipboard like some freakishly jolly line manager). A shop assistant walks briskly over to him.</p>

<p>- Can I help you sir?- I&#8217;d like to buy a bag.- What kind of bag?- Just a bag I don&#8217;t care really.</p>

<p>The assistant looks fairly disgruntled and glances over his shoulder at the colossal wall full of shelves full of bags behind him.</p>

<p>- When are you going to use it mostly? What sports do you do?- I cycle ... at night</p>

<p>The assistant thinks for a second and then remembers a bag he was looking at this morning. The one with all the strange reflective patches on it. He&#8217;d wondered to himself; who on earth would want a sports bag with lots of little reflective patches on it, and now in walks this man, the very same day. Turning to the man he says:</p>

<p>- I think I&#8217;ve got the perfect bag for you sir!</p>

