---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Twitter
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 660
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/twitter/
date: '2007-03-23 16:28:00 +0000'
date_gmt: '2007-03-23 16:28:00 +0000'
categories:
- Uncategorized
tags: []
comments: []
---
<!-- more -->

<p>There's lots of discussion about <a href="http://twitter.com/">Twitter </a>and many people <a href="http://www.tawnygrammar.org/notes/2313/activate-interlock">don't see the point</a>. I guess I'm kind of in their camp. I did jump on board as soon as I heard but then pretty much stopped again just as quickly. It just doesn't really fit into my life, and I don't have the network of people who are interested in me to that extent. The people I have connected to in Twitter are (I think) not so much friends as acquaintances who want their experience of Twitter to work and realise that for that to happen they need a network of people. And so on...The point I think, and the reason that some people are actually excited is that Twitter goes out of it&#8217;s way to conform to what many people have been saying a web 2.0 site should. It&#8217;s simple and easy to use, it&#8217;s all about user contributions and about networking of those. It&#8217;s also got a satisfying dollop of mobile thrown in just for good measure. Most importantly though, it leaves it&#8217;s doors wide wide open for the kind of re-purposing of the content by all and sundry. That&#8217;s big for web 2.0.My worry is that because it does all these things which are so obviously "a good thing", people are giving it the benefit of the doubt in terms of it&#8217;s usefulness. Like it&#8217;s being held aloft on a wave of good will. I think it&#8217;s great that the ways of contributing are being pushed to become easier and easier for people - I just can't really think of many people I'd want that much detail about.</p>

