---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Cashless
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 590
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/cashless/
date: '2003-10-16 14:15:00 +0100'
date_gmt: '2003-10-16 14:15:00 +0100'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<!-- more -->

<p>I don&#8217;t tend to carry much cash. It&#8217;s partly a kind of lazy, forgetfullness, in that I forget and can&#8217;t be bothered to check whether I have any and to stock up at a cash machine. It&#8217;s partly coz I don&#8217;t regularly need it. What with free coffee at work and a packed lunch to eat, often weeks pass without me actually having to bother with physical money at all. The other big reason why I don&#8217;t is because so many of the things I might buy are purchasable via Switch or Visa and therefore reducing the need to carry any kind of real cash</p>

<p>Also I read this <a href="http://www.ananova.com/news/story/sm_828926.html?menu=news.latestheadlines"
>article about how soon you&#8217;ll be able to pay for things (even very small things) using only a pin number and your mobile phone</a> the other day.</p>

<p>If we really did stop using money, what will Big Issue sellers do? I suppose things must be pretty bad already but if this really is a trend then could the days when it&#8217;s viable to sell the Big Issue on the streets be numbered?</p>

<p>I&#8217;ve heard of the &#8220;means of production&#8221; and I know I should be concerned about who owns them, but what about the "means of remuneration". What if someone owns or controls all the ways we can pay for stuff? Wouldn&#8217;t that give them power of what we could or couldn&#8217;t choose to buy?</p>

<p>If Switch, Visa and the mobile companies were to get together and do some kind of big deal and start equiping all the shops with new tills and cash registers which don&#8217;t require cash at all, then everything from buying a can of Coke, to buying a train ticket, to buying a TV or a Car could become completely cashless trasactions. Could there come a point where physical money wasn&#8217;t really carried anymore. Even if it was still available.</p>

<p>What would this mean for Big Issues sellers, and local markets other people who rely on your having to pay with cash? What would it mean for beggars?</p>

