---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Ketchup
author:
  display_name: Tom
  login: admin
  email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
  url: ''
author_login: admin
author_email: tsmorgan@gmail.com
wordpress_id: 581
wordpress_url: http://ghijklmno.net/ketchup/
date: '2003-08-19 10:16:00 +0100'
date_gmt: '2003-08-19 10:16:00 +0100'
categories:
- Old Blog
tags: []
comments: []
---
<!-- more -->

<p>A few recent events of note (I think):</p>

<ul>
<li>Went to Adele (Kirsty&#8217;s sister) and Martins wedding. An extremely enjoyable, not religious, back garden, lots of booze type of blur. Talked drunkenly to future relatives, ate a tasty curry, listened to the speeches (kudos to Kirsty&#8217;s Dad who did a great one - I even got a mention myself woo!) then adjourned to a hotel where for some reason our drinking seemed to take off like that lone runner in a marathon who leaves the pack and heads off on his own only to discover slightly later on that it was not a good idea and he really should have paced himself. Suffered next morning in that dry, bale of hay, gravelly throated way only drink can produce. They&#8217;re in Cancun now - all inclusive - nice!</li>
<li>Camera broke (hence no pics from said wedding). Took it back to shop with the receipt (thank God we found it!!) and the guy said it&#8217;d be about two weeks. It&#8217;s over two weeks since then so I gave them a ring. A nice woman said "I don&#8217;t know who told you two weeks but it&#8217;s usually a month, if not more". Excellent. I&#8217;m going in tomorrow to see if they can lend me a camera or something. I&#8217;m not holding my breath.</li>
<li>Decorated the bedroom. Well I say decorated, but actually we just painted everything white. It was cheap, and fairly simple (had to strip more blown vinyl from the ceiling - ugh!) and surprisingly effective. It&#8217;s made what used to me a dull, dim, slightly dank bedroom into a bright airy, slightly mediterranean looking bedroom. Thoroughly recommended I&#8217;d say.</li>
</ul>
<p class="firstpar">I think that&#8217;s yer lot.</p>

